Updating copy (#81)
heroku/heroku-cli-plugin-ai: README.md

```
USAGE
  $ heroku ai:models:call MODEL_RESOURCE [-a <value>] [-j] [--optfile <value>] [--opts <value>] [-o <value>] [-p
    <value>] [-r <value>]

ARGUMENTS

>   MODEL_RESOURCE  resource ID or alias of model (--app flag must be included if an alias is used)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  MODEL_RESOURCE  resource ID or alias of model (must include --app flag if alias is used)
```

FLAGS

>   -a, --app=<value>      name or ID of app (this flag is required if an alias is used for the MODEL_RESOURCE argument)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -a, --app=<value>      name or ID of app (required if alias is used for MODEL_RESOURCE)
```
